(cds 9) Virtual elements in views (#1826)
cap-js/docs: cds/cdl.md

<div id="afterinferredsig" />

### Virtual elements in views

Virtual elements can be defined in views or projections like this:
```cds
entity SomeView as select from Employee {
  // ...,
  virtual virt1 : String(22),
  virtual virt2  // virtual element without type
}
```
These virtual elements have no relation to the query source `Employee` but are new fields

> in the view. Virtual elements in views or projection are handled like described in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the view. Virtual elements in views or projections are handled as described in the
```

> section on [virtual elements in entities](#virtual-elements);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
section on [virtual elements in entities](#virtual-elements).
```
